Full moderation tutorial with clean & infractions.md (#28)
MoonlightCapital/MoonlightBot-docs: moderation-commands/infractions.md

* Moderate Members

> For more information on editing permission requirements for specific users/roles, refer to the [permissions tutorial](/start-up/permission-tutorial.md)

Reviewer: there was no need to replace this, it will be done in one go with a find-and-replace-all

## reason

> Change the reason of the infraction. If the `reason` option is left blank, it will simply display the current one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes the reason of the infraction. If the `reason` option is left blank, it will simply display the current one
```

also specify the behavior of putting the `%%%` placeholder inside the reason (refer to reminder edit, works the same way)

```text
/infractions reason <id> [reason]
```

> * `id`: The ID of the cinfraciton you want to view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id`: The ID of the infraciton you want to edit
```

## search

> View a list of infractions that fit the criteria, such as the moderator who executed them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows a list of infractions that fit all the specified criteria, such as the moderator who executed them
```

```text
/infractions search [target] [moderator] [type] [before] [after]
```

* `target`: The user you want to see the infractions of
* `moderator`: The infractions executed by a specific moderator
* `type`: The type of the infractions you want to view
* `before`: View infractions executed before this date

> * `after`: View infractions after this date

Reviewer: they're durations, not dates

## delete

> Delete an infraction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes an infraction
```

this section could also use a red box stating the irreversibility, refer to reminder page
